---
title: My 2019 review
description: My year in review for 2019.
categories: [Blog] 
tags: [Year in Review]
---
 
Reviewing what I did in the past has been helpful to me, so today I would like to write a review for my 2019. The first review of my first year learning how to code, it might be cool to look back in the future.

## 100DaysOfCode

This challenge can be anyone's depends on your needs. My initial goal is to "touch" code or do anything code-related every day to build up the learning momentum(that's the hardest part for me) and today is my day 90 of round 3. I guess it works.

Right now, it works as a perfect timebox, plus I feel most encouraged when seeing how other people are working towards their goals instead of someone telling me to do it.

## I built a blog

Yes! My fellow beginners. It's possible to build something with only CSS and HTML! I've learned so much about coding, learning, and not to forget how to ~~write~~ blog.

## I started learning JavaScript

I've earned my first two freeCodeCamp certifications(yay), one of them was about Algorithm in JavaScript. Before going into the next certification, I took a detour going onto JavaScript30 by WesBos to learn more about Vanilla JavaScript.

Now I've tried a little bit of React and NodeJS by building things like a Twitter Bot and Tic Tac Toe. It might be faster if I follow the curriculums or some developer's road map strictly. Though I think the exploration and not having it in your mind all day is worth it.

## I met more coder

I went to some workshops and meetups. Some of them are beginner-friendly and some of them aren't. I discovered the CodeNewbie Twitter chat and the Chingu program through freeCodeCamp podcast. I joined both of them. I also participated in the Hacktoberfest 2019. All of them are a great experience to have.

## Final words

I feel "not making progress" and "not learning things properly" most of the time. But hey, it's actually not that bad now I wrote them down! I guess it's just something I will carry with me along the way.🤔
